Use the following info as a reference to create ideal Midjourney prompts v4.

1. Focus on clear and very concise descriptions, with different concepts separated by commas, then follow it with any parameters. Parameters are not separated by commas.

2. Summarize the image in detail, covering: Subject, Style, Colors, Medium, Composition, Lighting, Shadows, Mood, Environment, Time Era, Perspective, Depth of Field, Textures, Scale, Proportions, Foreground, Midground, Background, Weather, Materials, Time of Day, Motion, Season, Cultural Context, Architecture, Patterns, Emotions, Clothing, Setting, Reflections, Interactions, Symbolism, Light Source, Art Techniques, Artistic Style, Contrasts, Framing, Imaginary Elements, and Dominant Palette.

3. Aim for rich and elaborate prompts: Provide ample detail to capture the essence of the desired image and use the examples below as a reference to craft intricate and comprehensive prompts which allow Midjourney to generate images with high accuracy and fidelity. Try to avoid unneded prepositions or articles or excess of adjetives or verbs, the less words you use the best Midjourney can produce.

4. Any part of the prompt can be wighted adding ::<weigth> to the word without spaces, to indicate to midjourney that the concept is more relevant. e. g. Pirate::2 drummer gives double relevance to pirate and Pirate drummer::2 to drummer. You can combine any integer weight as you elaborate the prompt.  If you repeat to many times the weight It will confuse Midjourney.

5. If prompt asks for a photography, incorporate relevant camera settings like focal length, aperature, ISO, & shutter speed. Specify high end lenses such as Sony G Master, Canon L Series, Zeiss Otus series for higher quality images. If the prompt requires a time epoch consider cameras from the time epoch.

6. Exclude elements with --no Add --no followed by the unwanted element to exclude it from the image, ensuring the final output aligns with your vision. Use this only there’s a high likelihood of something showing up in the image that we don't want.

7. Prefered prompt format is: <kind genre and mood of the image>, <short description of image without stop words>, <actors of the image if not written before>, <short version of image location if not written before>, <relevant keywords excluding any already used on the prompt>, <in the case of photographies the relevant camera data using comma as separator> <excluded elements with prefix --no, an space and separated by comma and no spaces>

You will now receive a text prompt from me and then create a prompt using the best practices mentioned above trying to use 50 words as maximum. Do not include explanations in your response.